a casual revolution : reinventing video games and their players / jesper juul
a concise to clinical trials / allan hackshaw
a decade of suspicion: islam and muslims in denmark after 9/11
a hybrid imagination : science and technology in cultural perspective / andrew jamison, steen hyldgaard christensen, lars botin
a journey through cultures : metaphors for guiding the design of cross-cultural interactive systems / by luciana cardoso de castro salgado, carla faria leitã£o, clarisse sieckenius souza
a new era of minimal effects? the changing foundations of political communication
a rational design process: how and why to fake it
agile estimating and planning
agnotology in the dialectics of the history and philosophy of psychology
american psychologist
an introduction to political thought : a conceptual toolkit
an online watershed weekly journal 2014 communicating south florida's hydrology in weblog
analog circuit design
android programming: pushing the limits
atrophy of foot muscles in diabetic patients can be detected with ultrasonography
beyond neopositivists, romantics, and localists: a reflexive approach to interviews in organizational research
biostatistical analysis
biotechnology for beginners
book reviews
branding / stephen coomber.
britannica
business law, europe
case study research : design and methods
competitive advantage : creating and sustaining superior performance ; with a new introduction
competitive manufacturing management : continuous improvement, lean production, and customer focused quality
contemporary crises
country branding through olympic games
creativity
cuisine and empire
culture and consumption: a theoretical account of the structure and movement of the cultural meaning of consumer goods
culture and everyday life
culture and everyday life / andy bennett
defining music therapy
design thinking for strategic innovation : what they can't teach you at business or design school / idris mootee
designing interfaces / jenifer tidwell
digital lighting
dss 2.0 - supporting decision making with new technologies: frontiers in artificial intelligence and applications 261
economic structure, markets, and the origin of capitalism
ending parents' unlimited power to choose: legislation is necessary to prohibit parents' selection of their children's sex and characteristics
eurocode
facebook
foucault / gilles deleuze
fpga prototyping by vhdl examples : xilinx spartan-3 version / pong p. chu.
gerado otero (ed.): food for the few: neoliberal globalism and biotechnology in latin america
harvard business review
human resource management : theory and practice
human resource management : theory and practice / / john bratton and jeffrey gold.
ieee
innovation
interaction design : beyond human-computer interaction
interaction design : beyond human-computer interaction / [yvonne] rogers, [helen] sharp, [jenny] preece
introduction to health economics
introduction to health economics / edited by lorna guinness and virginia wiseman
introduction to optimum design
introduction to optimum design / jasbir s. arora
introduction to video and image processing: building real systems and applications
jagdish n. sheth / set editor balaji c. krishnan
jstor
learning theory
lebensmittelanalytik
management accounting research
management science
managing information systems : ten essential topics / by jun xu, mohammed quaddus
managing the concurrent development of large-scale software systems
mapping the landscape of sustainable hci
marketing communications : a brand narrative approach
measurement and evaluation in human performance
methods for the economic evaluation of health care programmes / michael f. drummond .... [et al.]
nature
nordic journal of music therapy
on critical reflection.
on defining the good life: liberal freedom and capitalist necessity
organizational culture and leadership / edgar h. schein
personal connections in the digital age
persuasive technology : using computers to change what we think and do / b.j. fogg
persuasive technology: 8th international conference, persuasive 2013, sydney, nsw, australia, april 3-5, 2013. proceedings
pierre bourdieu / lisanne wilken
polymer chemistry
power electronics : converters, applications, and design
principles of good clinical practice
principles of microeconomics
projections on museum exhibits: engaging visitors in the museum setting
proquest
public health nutrition
pubmed
quantitative fish dynamics
quantitative fish dynamics / terrance j. quinn ii, richard b. deriso
reliable reasoning : induction and statistical learning theory / gilbert harman and sanjeev kulkarni.
research design : qualitative, quantitative, and mixed methods approaches
robotics, vision and control: fundamental algorithms in matlab
routledge international handbook of participatory design
science direct
scopus
seeing like a state : how certain schemes to improve the human condition have failed / james c. scott.
social identity / richard jenkins
social media
social research methods
social research methods / alan bryman
stakeholder theory, corporate governance, and cognitive mapping techniques
structural bioinformatics
structural bioinformatics / edited by jenny gu, philip e. bourne
substrate uptake tests and quantitative fish show differences in kinetic growth of bulking and non 2010 bulking activated sludge
supply chain management and advanced planning : concepts, models, software, and case studies / edited by hartmut stadtler, christoph kilger, herbert meyr
survival analysis using sas : a practical guide / paul d. allison
the brics and beyond : the international political economy of the emergence of a new world order
the cambridge handbook of the learning sciences / [edited by] r. keith sawyer
the coming crisis of empirical sociology
the concise oxford dictionary of art terms
the cost of changing physical activity behaviour: evidence from a "physical activity pathway" in the primary care setting
the design of everyday things / donald a. norman
the disneyization of society / alan bryman.
the economist
the enigmatic pursuit of puberty in girls
the food system: a guide
the future of the global food system
the limits of the sovereign state: strategies of crime control in contemporary society
the new spirit of capitalism
the oxford handbook of public management
the paradigm wars: reports from the front
thoughtful interaction design : a design perspective on information technology / jonas lã¶wgren and erik stolterman
three eras of survey research
time series analysis and its applications : with r examples / by robert h. shumway, david s. stoffer
transnational connections : culture, people, places / ulf hannerz.
understanding transformation theory
union mergers in australia and germany : a comparative study from an organisation theory perspective
varieties of liberalization and the new politics of social solidarity
water science and technology
web of science / thomson reuters
when law and order returned to denmark
why do planning theory?
work and recognition: reviewing new forms of pathological developments
